# DevOps-Course-Notes-on-Getting-Started-With-DevOps
This repository contains my notes on the LinkedIn Learning pathway called 'Become a Software Developer'. This is a selection of 11 video courses on various aspects of software development - intended to be taken together to provide a holistic view of the field.  I wrote these notes with the intent of publishing them as a reference resource, with each txt file corresponding to a software development course in the learning pathway. 

The CSS course notes in this repository were written in conjunction with completing its project coursework, which has been published in a separate repository (CSS-Feynman-Portfolio-Project). 

This is a list of the various files in this repository and a description of the associated course and instructor name: 
* *Course Title: Programming Foundations: Web Security*
  *  Description: Learn about the most important security concerns when developing websites, and what you can do to keep your servers, software, and data safe from harm. Instructor Kevin Skoglund explains what motivates hackers and their most common methods of attacks, and then details the techniques and mindset needed to craft solutions for these web security challenges. Learn the eight fundamental principles that underlie all security efforts, the importance of filtering input and controlling output, and how to defend against the most common types of attack. This course is essential for developers who want to secure their websites, and for anyone else who wants to learn more about web security.
* *Course Title: Succeeding in Web Development: Full Stack and Front End*
  *  Description: View Ray's LinkedIn NewsletterDo you want to become a web developer? Nowadays, web development isn't one job. There is a range of technologies and career options to explore. The core responsibilities are split two ways—between front-end developers who specialize in websites and applications and back-end developers who work with servers and databases—but you can also become a full-stack developer who oversees all aspects of a project. This course provides a map of the core technologies and advice about mastering them, complemented with the details you need to connect them to jobs. Senior staff author Ray Villalobos also provides tips on finding training, getting hired, and maximizing your earning potential in this lucrative and exciting field
* *Course Title: Programming Foundations: Fundamentals*
  *  Description: Gain the core knowledge to begin programming in any language. In this course, instructor Annyce Davis uses Python to explore the core concepts and structure of programming languages and helps you grasp what’s going on under the hood. After going over basic statements and expressions in Python, Annyce explores strings, variables, and conditional code—which are common topics in all programming languages. She also shows how to work with different kinds of data and troubleshoot a variety of errors. Along the way, she compares how code is written in several different languages and provides guidance on the criteria to use when choosing a programming language. Upon wrapping up this course, you’ll have the knowledge you need to continue your coding journey in whichever language piques your interest.
* *Course Title: Programming Foundations: Databases*
  *  Description: More from LinkedIn Learning's top expertsProgramming Languages NewsletterOnce you get beyond basic programming, you'll need a database. Databases provide a consistent, organized structure for storing and retrieving large amounts of data. They allow programmers to build more complex applications that can take orders, process payments, make recommendations, authenticate users, and more. This course provides the foundation you need to get started in database programming. Explore the terminology: normal forms, ACID and CRUD, referential integrity, transactions, records, and tables. Learn what role keys and unique values play in a relational model. Discover how to design the best system to contain your data, starting with the tables and relationships at the core of your database. Find out how to write queries to extract the data you need, and how to juggle the different demands of storage, access, performance, and security. Instructor Scott Simpson provides practical examples and clear explanations that will help you design databases that can withstand the needs of your applications, your data, and your users
* *Course Title: Learning SQL Programming*
  *  Description: More from LinkedIn Learning's top expertsProgramming Languages NewsletterStructured Query Language (SQL) is a common tool for retrieving data from relational databases such as SQL Server, MySQL, MariaDB, and PostgreSQL. This course provides an introduction to this core programming language. Learn how to request data from a database, limit and sort the responses, aggregate data from multiple tables with joins, and edit and delete data. Instructor Scott Simpson also shows how to perform simple math operations and transform data into different formats.
* *Course Title: Learning Python*
  *  Description: Python—the popular and highly-readable object-oriented language—is both powerful and relatively easy to learn. Whether you're new to programming or an experienced developer, this course can help you get started with Python. Joe Marini provides an overview of the installation process, basic Python syntax, and an example of how to construct and run a simple Python program. Learn to work with dates and times, read and write files, and retrieve and parse HTML, JSON, and XML data from the web.
* *Course Title: Learning Java 11*
  *  Description: Java is one of the top five programming languages, and is used for websites, embedded controllers, and Android app development. Interested in learning how to code with Java? Join instructor Kathryn Hodge as she helps you get up and running with this popular language. Kathryn covers all the basics: Data types, strings, functions, and loops. She helps you control the flow and logic of your code, and debug your project to make sure it runs perfectly. Along the way, she provides real-world examples and introduces challenges that allow you to practice your new skills. This course is perfect for developers who need to get up to speed with Java fast, as well as for beginning programmers who want their first taste of this popular language.
* *Course Title: Learning C#*
  *  Description: The C# language got its start on Windows, but today you can find it almost everywhere.  Whether it’s running on the cloud, to desktops with MacOS and Linux, to mobile operating systems like Android and iOS, C# has grown into a mature, powerful language for almost any programming purpose. In this course, Joe Marini dives into the fundamentals of C#, starting with a basic overview of language constructs like program flow and data types. He then gets into more advance topics such as functions, object-oriented programming techniques, and string processing. After this course, you’ll have a better understanding of C#, and how its combination of power, simplicity, and expressiveness make it an extremely versatile programming language that can be used for almost any scenario.
* *Course Title: JavaScript Essential Training*
  *  Description: View Morten's LinkedIn NewsletterJavaScript is a scripting language of the web. As the web evolves from a static to a dynamic environment, technology focus is shifting from static markup and styling—frequently handled by content management systems or automated scripts—to dynamic interfaces and advanced interaction. Once seen as optional, JavaScript is now becoming an integral part of the web, infusing every layer with its script.Through practical examples and mini-projects, this course helps you build your understanding of JavaScript piece by piece, from core principles like variables, data types, conditionals, and functions through advanced topics including loops, and DOM scripting. Along the way, instructor Morten Rand-Hendriksen provides challenges that allow you to put your new skills to the test.
* *Course Title: HTML Essential Training*
  *  Description: Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) is the foundation of website and web application development. It allows you to ensure that your content is understood by both segments of your audience: the people who watch, read, or listen to your content, and the computers that display it. In this course, learn how to craft excellent HTML with the pieces that HTML itself has to offer. Instructor Jen Simmons highlights all of the fundamental concepts you need to use HTML thoughtfully. She focuses on semantic markup: tagging content as what it is, and not just for formatting, convention, or convenience. This has far-reaching impact for those who consume the web differently; it ensures that when a screen reader or a system (like a search engine) consumes a page, it knows exactly what it contains and how to categorize that information.
